Mithril update 2025-05-21 (#598)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-05-21-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-05-21-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team enabled incremental certification for the Cardano database (Cardano node database v2) on the `release-mainnet` network.
> 
> The team progressed with the DMQ node implementation by completing the signature consumer and processor in the aggregator for continuous signature handling, and introduced a mechanism to record the origin of signatures. Work also began on supporting UTxO-HD in the aggregator, signer, and client.
> 
> Finally, the team addressed bug fixes, improved the CI workflows, and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team enabled incremental certification for the Cardano node database (version 2) on the `release-mainnet` network.

They continued work on the DMQ node implementation, completing the signature consumer and processor in the aggregator to support continuous signature handling, and added a mechanism to record the origin of each signature. The team also began adding support for UTXO-HD in the aggregator, signer, and client.

Finally, they addressed several bugs, improved CI workflows, and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library.
```
